---
layout: default
title: Hi, my name is
categories: [welcome, introduction]
tags: [welcome, blog, introduction]
---
# what is this madness?

	The better question I find myself asking a lot of the time is: why is this madness? What I write, I become. What I mind starts to matter. These might seem like fickle thoughts or perhaps some puny hoax but I do not mean to coax. I speak in rhymes, only because I know I can. You listen to me hoping I will help you prevail. Words come to my head, rather I wish upon a bullet. Comma-splice, these stupid lies: a rule of language I call it norm you call it grammar then I must have you dethroned. Ambiguity is not welcome here. Objectivity soon shall let us free, be, see? I speak in rhymes, keep up now if you want to watch my demise.

	Where was I going with this? Madness has no end, I keep feeding thoughts (I keep getting head) and writing has no meaning until it's on a wall or on a burning wall, the motto to our facade will be written in gold made from lead at last. Stupid society, come try and see past these words, fuck meta, I like to keep it abstract. I raise my stack but you don't call to bid unless it's to call me stupid. A B A B B A B these letters stick in your brains, even a sratch won't fix.

	Anyway to keep me sane, I have been reading some papers instead. What I learned I will teach you (call me to preach, fool), come sit with me, just don't leech, you sick son of a gun, why you acting stupid? Put me on pedestal just to have it to your bid, thank god I do not burn your shit. Don't act stupid, just be. 
=========

	So I had a productive day today. I learned that I desperately need to teach people about machines and how they must be taught to learn. But at the same time fuck IOT, we need more tactile stuff and less chips. The balance is definitely tipped off. Let's fix that tomorrow?

	Until then please ponder on this fact: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, ...
	

	