---
layout: default
title: "I Forget"
date: 2025-09-13 12:32:00 +0000
categories: [philosophy, mathematics, science]
tags: [set-theory, bits, abstraction, mathematics, qbit]
---
# I forget
Forgetfulness is an oxymoron endemic. Soon, it will be Fall someplace I will never get to experience and with that I am conditioned to remember lesser and lesser about the Fall that I had once experienced. I will loose Fall, I hope I don't though... I hope I don't. 

Words come to me and sometimes I go to them. Playing tag until I sleep.

Let's imagine life to be modular arithmetic. What is the modulo here? perhaps something logarithmic? sure, let's assume. Although the first rule of "Art of War" would beg to differ, but this is different context. Life%f(log)? 

Let's dive deeper: See all of classical computer-science is base 2. Meaning it is modulo 2. The wrap around function, modulo, on a clock is 12. After 12 the clock resets. Similarly! on a computer the counting starts over after a quantity of two is achieved. These things are truly binary! down to the signal level. They are designed like this cause well a lot of compute can be made possible using this trick. And a lot of storage too, since compression is happening over the purview of bits so redundancy can be easily captured. This is nothing new that I am uncovering here, nothing new as in this would not get me a job or a shinny rock. But... it might do it for you. And so you must read.

A set of *bits* $B = \{foo,bar\}$ is what an abstract defnition of a bit is. Now this idea can be given context to be used as tool, like the people/ scientists have been doing. These values of bits are definite, meaning they are objectively correct for all observations. A bit, once stored would retain it-self as captured. However, a qubit (magic bit) wouldn't do so. We'll talk about quantum too later on, once I have better belief and understanding. So... bits! Once you have one set of bit you can combine it with another to form a new Bit!

$$
B_1 = \{0,0\} = \{0\}\\B_2 = \{1,1\} = \{1\} \\ B_3=B_1 \cup B_2 = \{0,1\}
$$

Now, I might extend this concept and explain more as to how subtraction and other operators function is this bit realm from a `Set` perspective. I hope you hold me to it in case I forget...
